[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory, and we've got
an old friend back with us--
Dr. Bruce Goldberg,
noted author.
21 books.
He's a past life regressionist.
He's a hypnotherapist.
And his latest book is
called "Exploring the Fifth
Dimension."
Bruce, welcome back
to the program.
>>BRUCE GOLDBERG:
Thank you, George.
It's always a pleasure
to reincarnate.
>>NOORY: I always get great
reception from our viewers
when you're on the show.
It's amazing.
>>GOLDBERG: Well, I have a lot
of contact with your viewers,
because many of them
become patients of mine.
It's a very sophisticated
audience, they're well read,
and they appreciate my energy
and my overall spirituality.
>>NOORY: And enthusiasm.
>>GOLDBERG: It helps.
>>NOORY: Now, tell me, what
is a past life regressionist?
What do you do?
>>GOLDBERG: Well,
what I do is actually
more of an energy approach.
I like to call this spiritually
thinking outside the box.
Let me share what I mean.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>GOLDBERG: Going back, I
take people into past lives
and progress them
into the future,
but that's not the
real basis of my work.
My work is based
upon something I
developed many years ago
called the superconscious mind
tap, which is a way of
introducing a patient's
subconscious mind,
or their soul, which
is equivalent to-- it's really
electromagnetic radiation, just
like this TV signal
or a computer signal.
And then you have a
higher self, which is
called the superconscious mind.
And if you introduce
the subconscious
to the superconscious,
you can raise, literally,
the baseline, or what we
call the frequency vibration
or rate of their soul's energy,
and they can overcome issues.
But you see, the whole
point of this field
is thinking outside the box.
You can't do it with
conventional mentality.
So here's an example.
Here's what I call a thinking
outside the box riddle.
What occurs once in a
minute, twice in a moment,
but never in 1,000 years?
>>NOORY: Is this a riddle?
>>GOLDBERG: It's a riddle.
>>NOORY: I have no idea.
>>GOLDBERG: The answer
is the letter M.
>>NOORY: The letter M?
>>GOLDBERG: Once
in a minute, two
M's in moment, but
no M in 1,000 years.
>>NOORY: So do we get a
prize for this or what?
>>GOLDBERG: So next
time I'm on the air,
I'll wear a green suit
with question marks,
and you call me the Riddler.
The point of all
this is that you
wanted to think outside the
box if you want to accomplish
things on a permanent level.
As a healer and therapist,
I'm trying to eliminate
causes of issues, you see?
And energy is the
cause of everything.
So therefore, instead
of treating people
symptomatically, like allopathic
or modern medicine does,
I treat the cause of things.
And that's why people are
able to attain goals and not
have to have those
issues reincarnate again.
>>NOORY: What kind of
issues are we talking about?
>>GOLDBERG: Oh, I deal with
depression, anxiety, addiction,
drug addiction, people
who want to increase
their own abundance of life.
I call this karmic capitalism.
>>NOORY: Now, are these
issues because of past lives?
>>GOLDBERG: Well, yeah,
they're carryovers.
Most issues people have are
carryovers from past lives.
This is the point
of the karmic cycle.
If you didn't learn
something in a past life
or let somebody victimize
you or dominate you,
or you failed, or
you procrastinated
and something negative
happened to you or your family,
that's going to carry
over in your current life.
So most people's problems are
really past life in origin.
>>NOORY: Interesting take on it.
>>GOLDBERG: Remember my famous
case, the search for Grace,
about a woman who is obsessively
attracted to a married man?
She was a single woman.
And he tried to murder her
on three different occasions.
When I did the
regressions on her,
he murdered her in
20 of 46 past lives.
So she didn't get it.
>>NOORY: The same soul guy?
>>GOLDBERG: The same soul, but
eventually, she-- of course,
we were able to work with her,
not just through regressions
but by using the
superconscious mind tap.
She was able to overcome
her obsession with him.
And 24 years later-- she
would call me every year
to tell me how she
was doing, and she's
fine and broke up
with the gentleman
and now went on with her life.
But that's pretty
heavy carry over.
So that's a lot of people
who, for example, if they
starve to death
in the past life,
they can come back and overeat
in this life to compensate.
Relationship issues.
I deal with everything
from abundance,
I told you, earning more income.
Relationships.
Meeting a soul mate
is another thing.
Overcoming anything
that in their life,
right now, is a negative
factor or an inhibition.
Because I believe
in what I called not
just karmic capitalism, but I
believe in psychic empowerment,
using your subconscious
higher self-connection,
the psychic part, to
take charge of your life.
And that's the empowerment part.
>>NOORY: When you
deal with a past life,
how does it fix that problem,
that issue, that phobia,
whatever you want to call it?
>>GOLDBERG: Well,
the past life itself
doesn't do anything, really.
What does something is
raising the soul's energy.
So the past life regression
is like watching the History
Channel.
But what really does the
solution to the problem
is connecting with
the higher self.
Think of it this way.
If it's a chilly morning
and you go outside
and you're going
to get the paper
or something and
your body's going
to be chilled
because you open up
a door from your
nice, warm house.
>>NOORY: Right.
Chances are you don't
have your socks on.
>>GOLDBERG: But when you go back
into the house, the nice heated
house that you're in
warms up your body.
OK?
So introducing
your subconscious,
which is always
compromised, because it
has karmic carryovers,
unless it's learned,
to the perfect part
of your soul's energy
that we call the higher
self or the superconscious,
which can never be contaminated,
raises the quality of your soul
to a higher level.
>>NOORY: And what do you do?
Do you put them in some
different state of mind?
How do you do this?
>>GOLDBERG: Well, I
use self-hypnosis.
See, all hypnosis
is self-hypnosis.
So think of it this way.
When you're driving
in a car and not
realizing all the exits you
pass by on the freeway, if I was
sitting next to you with
electroencephalograph
and hooked you up,
electrodes to your skull,
you would be in alpha,
or the hypnotic level,
for about 25% to
30% of the time.
>>NOORY: Sure.
While you're driving?
>>GOLDBERG: While
you're driving.
Your eyes are open.
You're fine.
>>NOORY: That's
happened to me, too.
I've gotten from
point A to point B,
and I couldn't remember
how I did that.
It was something like you've
been abducted by something.
>>GOLDBERG: We call
that auto-hypnosis.
So then you can think
of watching a TV movie
or reading a book
or on the computer.
Any time your mind is focused
concentration, you're relaxed,
and time goes by quickly, we
call that time distortion.
That's a definition
of a daydream,
which is really
hypnosis, because it's
an alpha brainwave.
All hypnosis is is alpha.
Meditation, yoga, biofeedback,
they're all the same.
They're all alpha brainwaves.
>>NOORY: Now, you also take
people into the future.
You've done that
with me in terms
of who I am in the future.
I'm a talk show host.
>>GOLDBERG: Dexter Monterrey.
>>NOORY: Dexter Monterrey.
>>GOLDBERG: The man.
>>NOORY: How far into the
future do you take people?
>>GOLDBERG: I've taken people
as far as the 51st century.
When I did my work with time
travelers from our future,
I have worked with the
discovery of time travel, which
was about the 31st
century, going
all the way into the
51st century, 2000 years
hence from that time,
3,000 years from us today.
So I've taken people as far
forward as the 51st century.
The good news about that is
that we're going to be around.
>>NOORY: I was going
to ask you that.
So we will be.
If you were to try to look
at a number of people--
let's say something
happened in the future
where the planet's obliterated,
civilization is gone,
and you looked at five
people for the future.
Would you see five things
that would convince
you there is no future?
Something that
happened to the planet?
>>GOLDBERG: No, actually,
what would happen
is-- we'll discuss this
with the new you technique.
You can go into the future, and
there are parallel universes.
So even if we destroy the
planet-- which we're not
going to do on this frequency,
because this is my ideal one.
I've already done switching
parallel universes myself,
so I can speak from the
perspective of a person who
knows what they're doing.
But there's always other
universes where the Earth would
not be contaminated or
destroyed or civilization
will continue on.
It's just a matter of time.
In parallel universes,
the American Revolution
was lost by America.
There are parallel universes
where everything happened,
with every possibility.
And this is based
on quantum physics,
by the way, or
quantum mechanics.
We have mathematical models
to demonstrate the proof
for the existence of
parallel universes.
So that really isn't
even an argument today.
>>NOORY: Bruce, let's give
our "Beyond Belief" viewers
an opportunity to look at what
a future life progression is.
>>GOLDBERG: What do you do?
>>TREENA STANLEY:
I'm a tree cutter.
>>GOLDBERG: And this
scene that you're
describing about your relieving
of your bodily functions,
is this unusual in
some way for you?
>>STANLEY: Yeah,
I'm standing up.
>>GOLDBERG: And you
find that unusual?
>>STANLEY: Mm-hmm.
>>GOLDBERG: OK, very good.
How do you like, enjoy,
being a tree cutter?
>>STANLEY: It's hard work.
>>GOLDBERG: How old would
you say you are at this time?
>>STANLEY: 23.
>>GOLDBERG: All right.
>> I'm sorry, Dr. Goldberg.
I know this can't be fake,
because what young woman would
come on television and say
she's peeing on a tree?
>>GOLDBERG: Well, I'll tell
you, if this was unusual,
it would be a real pisser.
>> And this is in
the future, again.
We're talking about future.
>>GOLDBERG: This is the future.
Let's go to the most significant
development or experience
of yours that would occupy
your life as much now,
in your professional life
or in your personal life.
On the count of five.
One, moving forward.
Two, farther forward.
Three, halfway there.
Four, almost there.
Number five.
Now, all right,
what has happened
since I last spoke with you?
It's OK.
>>STANLEY: I don't know.
It's gotten sad again.
>>GOLDBERG: Is
that something that
has occurred that has made you
feel uncomfortable about this?
>>STANLEY: I feel
like someone's hurt.
>>GOLDBERG: Someone
physically hurt,
like one of your colleagues?
>>STANLEY: Yes.
Someone I'm related
to or something.
>>GOLDBERG: OK.
How do you deal with that?
>>STANLEY: I just hide.
>>GOLDBERG: Are you not very
communicative person normally
about feelings?
Hard to express feelings?
>>STANLEY: Yes.
>> Are you hurt yourself?
>>STANLEY: No.
It's someone that's close to me.
>>GOLDBERG: But you're
emotionally hurt by them
and afraid to show that?
Is that what's going on?
>>STANLEY: Mm-hm.
>>NOORY: Who was
that dark-haired guy?
>>GOLDBERG: Now, the
interesting thing
about this future
life progression,
this is about 100
years in the future.
This is a woman who,
in her current life,
she's very sociable.
She's your typical housewife,
mother, very gregarious.
In the future, she's a male.
Changing of sexes.
>>NOORY: Does that happen a lot?
>>GOLDBERG: Yes, it does.
Actually, about 25% of the time,
you're going to change sexes.
And she's very kind of
a strong silent type,
very insecure, or very
non-communicative, very shy.
And she was able
to experience that.
Now, what was interesting on
this particular same patient
or same woman, she
had a fear of spiders.
And what we did
during that show was--
>>NOORY: Who doesn't, right?
>>GOLDBERG: Well, she had a
very severe fear, arachnophobia.
And what they did was I worked
with her before the show
to prepare for this.
And I gave her a superconscious
mind tap is what we did.
And then they brought
out a tarantula in a box,
in a glass cave.
And they showed it
to her while she
was in the audience
after the thing.
They said, are you OK?
And she says, I'm not
jumping over the banister.
>>NOORY: She normally
probably would have, right?
>>GOLDBERG: Yes.
So in other words,
I don't like to try
to cure people on the air.
I really don't cure them.
They cure themselves.
But the point was is that it
was a very interesting case
of time travel.
Changing of sexes, which she
didn't think would happen.
Number two is that also
changing the personality
from a gregarious person to
a very strong, silent, more
shy male in the future,
100 years hence.
>>NOORY: Since you've
been doing this,
what has been one of the
most remarkable cases you've
come across, in either past
life or future life regression?
>>GOLDBERG: Well, let me deal
with the past life first.
Obviously, my most famous
case is the search for Grace,
about the woman
who was obsessively
attracted to the man
who tried to murder her.
I had another case that's
also of great interest.
This is a case of
hysterical blindness.
A woman came to me,
a young, attractive--
>>NOORY: Hysterical blindness?
>>GOLDBERG: This is a
woman who couldn't see,
but her optic nerve was fine.
This is what happened.
She was with her boyfriend.
One morning, he was
shaving in the bathroom,
and she came in there
to talk to him--
>>NOORY: This is a real story?
>>GOLDBERG: It's a
real story, real case.
And he was taking some pills
that weren't prescribed.
>>NOORY: To him?
>>GOLDBERG: Yes.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>GOLDBERG: And she said, oh
my god, what are you doing?
And he said, you
shouldn't have seen me.
In other words, he
hid the fact that he
was taking this opioids,
whatever sort of illegal drugs.
>>NOORY: Whatever he was taking.
>>GOLDBERG: So she
freaked out, stepped back,
didn't hit herself or anything,
and said, oh my god, I
can't see.
She was blind for two weeks.
>>NOORY: Literally blind?
>>GOLDBERG: Well, and they took
her to the ophthalmologist.
He said, look, your
optic nerve is fine.
You should be able to see.
So this is called
hysterical blindness.
It's called a
conversion disorder,
which means that
she's psychologically
preventing herself from seeing.
So I did a regression with
her, past life regression.
In the 1880s in London,
in the London slums.
She's a little girl, about
five or six years old.
She walks into her
father's bedroom
because she wants to
get something to eat,
and she wants him to
prepare a meal for her.
He was wrapping
his arm with rubber
and shooting morphine
into his arm.
He was a morphine addicted.
And he said, you
shouldn't have seen me.
>>NOORY: Same thing.
>>GOLDBERG: And then he beat
the living tar out of her
for witnessing that.
And that's what she
learned karmically.
I shouldn't have seen that.
I should be punished.
When we did the regression and
then the superconscious mind
tap following that, her sight
returned in about 20 minutes.
>>NOORY: That's amazing.
>>GOLDBERG: Now,
future life, here's
one of my favorite
future life cases.
One of the things I'm known
for is discovering the concept
of time travelers from our
future, people from our future
that will come back in
our time and interact.
>>NOORY: That come back here.
>>GOLDBERG: So I work
with this gentleman,
and he goes into a future
life in the 33rd century.
His name is Kamar.
It's the only time
I've ever worked--
I've worked with
about 17,000 patients.
His future life is going
to be as a chrononaut,
or as a future
life time traveler.
He goes back into the
Atlantic, the ancient times
of Mu or Lemuria.
It's 101,637 BC.
And the reason why
they're sent back there
is because there was something
called the Electric Wars, where
ETs were running
around doing things,
causing a break in the
space-time continuum.
Electrical shocks and pulses
were all over the place,
and the Earth was
very much in danger.
And they negotiated
a peace treaty,
and he was part of the time
traveler team to do that.
So that's the only time a future
life of one of my patients
was an actual time traveler.
And I found that to be a
very significant future life
progression.
>>NOORY: Do you find you
stumble across people
who have had out-of-body
experiences, OBE,
or near-death experiences, and
is there some similarity there?
>>GOLDBERG: Well, a
near-death experience
is an actual type of
out-of-body experience.
There are three types.
The near-death
experience is the one
that gets most of the press.
But you don't want to have
one, because that means
you're clinically dead
for three or four minutes,
and you may not come back.
>>NOORY: Like
Dannion Brinkley has.
>>GOLDBERG: Right.
Well, many times.
My old buddy, Dannion.
The good old boy, my old friend.
Then, there's the regular
out-of-body experience
that you had when you were 11.
>>NOORY: Bouncing
up at the ceiling,
looking down at my little body.
>>GOLDBERG: And I've been out
of the body over 3,000 times.
So folks out there,
it's not dangerous, OK?
And then there is what I call
the technique I developed
years ago called the COBE,
a conscious out-of-body
experience, where I'm training
the patient to connect
with your higher self.
So at the moment of their
eventual physical death,
they won't have to reincarnate.
It's an ascension technique.
So that's the third kind
of out-of-body experience.
And that's been reported, by
the way, in ancient cultures.
The Greeks.
The mystery schools of
Egypt and Greece and Rome
were doing technique similar to
that, so I've westernized them.
So those are the three kinds
of out-of-body experiences.
It's perfectly normal.
In fact, when you
go to sleep at night
and you enter the dream or REM
cycle, which is also an alpha
brainwave, you are
actually out of the body
into the fifth dimension.
>>NOORY: Jason Quitt,
do you know Jason?
He's a researcher.
>>GOLDBERG: I know of him.
>>NOORY: He's been on Gaia a
lot talking about astral travel.
>> In terms of your journeys,
what types of other dimensions
have you seen off-world?
Is it, like how you say,
in terms of other planets
or other parts of
the universe, you
would say this is
multidimensional travel.
But do you believe that you have
actually been to other planets?
>>JASON QUITT: I have
been to other planets,
other dimensions, other
timelines, and parallel Earths.
Those are all part of
my experience range.
And I would say it started to
happen to me quite drastically
when I was in my early 20s.
And what would happen was I
would be sleeping at night,
and I would actually be
forcefully pulled out
of my body.
So just imagine you're laying
in bed having a normal dream.
And then, suddenly,
you feel something
reach inside your body and
yank you out of that dream.
And now, you're floating
above yourself in your bed.
So those original
experiences I never
asked for, I never prayed,
I never meditated for.
They just started happening.
And so once I got
yanked out of my body--
and this being, it looked like a
humanoid, but it was invisible.
You know that effect
from Predator,
where it's like you can
make out their form,
but you can't see them?
They almost look invisible.
That's what these
beings looked like.
And they would just rip me out
of my body, quite violently,
and then I'd be shot
up into outer space.
So I'd experience kind of like
that Google Earth effect, where
you go right out
into outer space,
and I can view the planets.
And then, suddenly,
they would direct me
to another point on the
planet, and they'd shoot me
right back to that point.
And they would drop me off
in this new environment.
And I'm just kind of standing
in this new environment,
and I realize it's not
a place I recognize.
So that's where I
realized that, OK, this
is not only astral travel, but
this is astral time travel.
I'm being placed in a
different timeline of Earth.
>>NOORY: What do you
think of that, Bruce?
>>GOLDBERG: Well, first, I'm
very impressed with this.
He's representing a
lot of classic aspects.
First of all, a lot of
your listeners or viewers
out there, when
you have a feeling
of a vibration around
your head and body,
this is the beginning phase
of going out of the body.
>>NOORY: It's like
a tingling effect.
>>GOLDBERG: Tingling
effect, true.
It goes, usually, from the
head and works the way down.
Here's an example of dreams.
Remember I told you dreams
are out-of-body experiences?
>>NOORY: Right.
>>GOLDBERG: Let me give you a
dream example that you've had
and everybody out there
in TV land has had.
Dreams of flying.
Everybody's had
dreams of flying.
>>NOORY: Oh, everybody's
had that, sure.
>>GOLDBERG: Now, there's
a second dream, too.
We'll talk about
that in a moment.
Dreams of flying
is when your soul
leaves the body
from the Earth plane
and goes up into
the astral plane.
>>NOORY: In your dream state,
or is it really happening?
>>GOLDBERG: No, it's
really happening.
When you're dreaming, your
soul is out of the body.
Now, you say, what about being
possessed or a psychic attack?
No, you leave a
clone of yourself,
like an alias on the computer,
so your body is always
protected.
Now, there's another
dream that people have
when they feel like they're
falling into an abyss.
They never splat, but they
feel like they're falling
into a deep crevice or--
>>NOORY: And you think
if you hit, you die.
>>GOLDBERG: Right,
but you don't.
>>NOORY: You've
always thought that.
>>GOLDBERG: And you
could hear a pin drop.
You hear like this maybe
like a whooshing sound
or like the roar of
the sea kind of thing,
which is characteristic
of the astral plane,
but you don't splat.
That's when your soul is
returning from the astral plane
to the Earth plane.
So those are remnants,
conscious remnants,
of out-of-body experiences.
>>NOORY: And sometimes that's
a jarring effect, Bruce.
You can feel that.
>>GOLDBERG: Yes.
Think of it this way.
When you wake up in the
morning, did you ever notice,
for a few seconds, you
don't know what time it is.
Is it 7:00 AM or 7:00 PM?
What planet am I on?
You know.
You get disoriented--
>>NOORY: Where am I?
>>GOLDBERG: --just
for a few seconds.
And the reason why is
because your astral body
has slammed back into
the physical body,
and it's very disruptive,
just for a second or two.
>>NOORY: And the slamming
effect wakes you up, by the way.
>>GOLDBERG: Well,
that's true, yes.
Whether you have an
alarm clock or not,
it's your automatic alarm clock.
But remember, there are
different dimensions out there.
In my books, I talk about
the different dimensions.
For example, suppose you're
flying around-- remember,
when you're out of the body
in the fifth dimension,
there are no physical laws,
so you can fly, teleport.
And let's say you're
floating around,
and you look down on the road--
there are highways-- and you
see a iridescent blue road.
Where are you?
It's the mental plane.
It's characteristic
of the mental plane.
And every dimension
has different sounds,
like the Earth plane,
the sound of thunder
is the sound of the Earth plane.
So you never want to
go out of the body
when it's a thunderstorm,
because you're going
to be like swimming upstream.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>GOLDBERG: The sound
of the astral plane
is the roar of the sea, like
a sea shell to your ear.
The next plane is
the causal plane,
which is with the
Akashic records are kept.
And that sounds like
a tinkling of bells,
like you're in a
new-age bookstore.
The mental plane
that I described
with the blue highways and
these abstract design buildings
and these angelic
figures that are around,
that's where that Jesuses
and Buddhas and Mohammad,
all these spiritual
leaders would hang out.
And then there's
the etheric plane,
which is the sound
of buzzing of bees.
And that etheric plane
is relevant in my work,
because what is existing there
are what we call etheric plane
surgeons that can
heal the etheric body
and transfer that
to the physical body
and actually do healing.
And then beyond that
is the soul plane,
where you choose your
next, where you reincarnate
or you ascend from.
And that's the single
note of a flute.
And so each dimension
has sounds that
are characterized
and certain physical
we call identifying
characteristics that tell
you which dimension you're on.
It is important to know that.
>>NOORY: The late
Robert Monroe was
an expert in out-of-body
travel and experiences.
He was able to do
this, Bruce, at will.
Not a lot of people are.
Do you train people to do that?
>>GOLDBERG: Oh, yes.
I work with literally thousands
of people to train them.
And I have CD programs to
actually train them to go out
of the body, to do the
conscious dying techniques,
if they want that .
To visit the fifth dimension,
where they can actually
meet time travelers,
their higher self,
departed loved ones, to go back
into past and future lives,
to do the healing techniques,
the superconscious mind
taps, to experience
parallel universes.
Yes, I am a great
believer in that,
and I always train people.
I want to make myself obsolete
as quickly as possible
with my patients.
Because see, here's
the thing that I
have to clarify right now.
I do a lot of therapy
with patients.
I'm responsible for
1% of the therapy.
The patient themselves, with
their higher self connection,
does 99%.
>>NOORY: That much?
>>GOLDBERG: That's why I
call it psychic empowerment.
The last thing I want are
people to be dependent on me.
I don't want that.
I want them to be able
to go on with their lives
and do their own thing and not
have to come running back to me
every time they have a problem.
So accessing the higher
self is a God-given gift.
That's why we have
a higher self, see?
And everybody's
higher self is unique,
just like everybody's
soul is unique.
It's like a fingerprint.
So basically,
anyone can do this.
Everybody goes through
hypnosis every day.
We spend about seven
hours a day in hypnosis.
Four hours during
the waking day.
The little daydreams that I
talked about-- driving a car
and watching TV or
reading or whatever.
And then, when you
go to sleep at night,
you're in the REM cycle,
which is three hours a night,
broken up into four
or five sleep cycles.
So you're spending a third
of your life, actually,
in a hypnotic level every day.
So why not use that
therapeutically?
The reason why we have
this natural level
is simply to distress ourselves.
If we didn't have
natural hypnosis,
the average person would die
of a heart attack or a stroke.
>>NOORY: You think so?
>>GOLDBERG: Yeah.
The world is a lot
more stressful--
>>NOORY: Too stressful.
>>GOLDBERG: --than
you see it right now
because we have this natural
protective mechanism known
as the alpha brainwave, or
what I call natural hypnosis.
>>NOORY: You mentioned
the Akashic records.
What are they?
>>GOLDBERG: Akashic records is
a fifth-dimensional computer
chip, is the way I
like to describe it,
stored on the causal plane.
But you can access it from any
dimension, including this one.
And what it is is a record.
Think like a hospital record,
a medical record of you.
It's a record of all your
past, present, future,
and parallel lives.
Now, let me define some terms.
>>NOORY: Who records
these records?
>>GOLDBERG: Well, the universe.
>>NOORY: It's done
automatically?
>>GOLDBERG: It's
called Akashic--
they call it the Akashic
light, the astral light.
They call that, too.
There's all kinds
of terms we use.
>>NOORY: Is this the good book
that we used to hear about?
>>GOLDBERG: Yes, this is
the ultimate good book,
the ultimate.
So let me give you some terms.
Now, if you go back
into a past life,
it's called a past
life regression.
If you go into a future
life, I call that--
the field I
developed years ago--
that's called a future
life progression.
If you explore a parallel life,
that's called a paragression.
And if you go out of the body
into the fifth dimension,
you become--
listen to this-- an
ultraterrestrial.
>>NOORY: An ultraterrestrial.
I'm going to have you
do a little past life
regression with me.
>>GOLDBERG: OK.
>>NOORY: Do what you do.
Just close your eyes.
Just sit back, and
just focus on my voice.
I'm going to count
backwards from 10 to 1.
And what I want you to do
is I want you to access
into your own Akashic records.
And I want you to perceive a
past life that will give you
an insight as to
your karmic purpose
in your current life as George.
10, nine, relaxing.
Letting each and every
muscle in your body
get so completely relaxed.
Eight, seven, six.
Accessing the higher self.
Five.
Now, perceive yourself
opening up a door
and moving into the
environment of a past life,
surrounded by white
light, always protective.
Four, number three.
You are there.
Number two, number one.
You can answer questions
and still remain in trance.
So let's see the first thought
that comes into your mind.
>>NOORY: It's way, way back.
>>GOLDBERG: OK.
>>NOORY: I mean, I am
looking at the construction
of the pyramids.
>>GOLDBERG: And what is your
position there in reference
to that?
>>NOORY: I don't know.
I'm just like on the
outside looking in.
>>GOLDBERG: And how
do you feel as you
perceive the construction
of the pyramids?
>>NOORY: I feel like I'm
in charge of something.
>>GOLDBERG: Would you say
that you're male or female?
>>NOORY: Male.
>>GOLDBERG: Would you have an
idea about how old you are?
>>NOORY: 28 to 45.
>>GOLDBERG: And
could you perceive
the actual mechanisms of how the
pyramid is being constructed?
>>NOORY: There are craft,
like spaceships, by them.
And I can see the blocks
being raised into place.
>>GOLDBERG: So the
spaceships themselves,
they are the ones
raising the blocks?
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: So
would you say this
is an anti-gravity approach?
In other words, are using
physical ones like ropes?
>>NOORY: I'm hearing some
kind of strange sound
that they seem to be
bursting at these blocks.
>>GOLDBERG: But your positioned
as a director or somebody
in charge, like a supervisor?
>>NOORY: I must be.
There are many workers
watching this, as I am.
>>GOLDBERG: And would
you have an idea,
by the way you keep
time, approximately
what year this is?
>>NOORY: It's just
way, way back.
>>GOLDBERG: Very good.
All right.
Good.
Sleep now and rest now.
Just relax.
I'm going to count
forwards from one to five.
And when I reach
the count of five,
you're going to return back to
the current awareness of George
Noory, with complete memories
of everything you've experienced
and your ability to go back
in time to re-explore this
or other past lives and to
focus in on getting access
to your own Akashic records
for your own karmic purpose.
Number one, coming
back to the present.
Number two, feeling lighter.
Three, halfway there.
Number four, almost there.
Number five, awaken wide
awake and refreshed.
>>NOORY: And I have recollection
of what I just said.
>>GOLDBERG: And you'll
be able to do it again.
Let me tell you what's
significant about this.
In my books, my Egypt
book specifically, I
talk about the way
the pyramid of Giza
and the Giza Plateau in Cairo--
>>NOORY: That's where I was.
>>GOLDBERG: The way
they were constructed,
they had these what they call
anti-gravity flying crafts.
These were these
pyramidal-shaped crafts
that would use anti-gravity
to lift these tons of rocks
and put them into the
intimate, specific requirement.
You know, the pyramid of Giza--
>>NOORY: Well, that's
what I was seeing.
>>GOLDBERG: --these
rocks are like a quarter
of an inch accurate.
I mean, it's amazing.
>>NOORY: And tons.
These were huge.
But I also heard
sounds that they
were emitting at these blocks.
>>GOLDBERG: Think
of it this way.
When you have these
anti-gravity flying crafts,
is what I call them, and
these were based upon--
actually, the time
traveler technology
is part of this, actually,
is how they worked.
But they do emit a sound,
just like a whooshing effect
or some sort of sound
in actually doing that,
because they're using
energy to lift the rocks.
So you were a supervisor, like
a supervisor at a construction
site is basically what you were.
>>NOORY: You were with
me on "Beyond Belief"
some time ago what we
talked about time travel.
>>GOLDBERG: Sure.
>> But you said you can also
take people into their future.
You can take Michelle
into her future?
>>GOLDBERG: Michelle
can go into the future,
and she can actually access
people from our future.
We call these time travelers.
>> That'll be
interesting to see.
>>GOLDBERG: Michelle,
I want you to focus in
on communicating,
establishing and recreating
the communication with
the time traveler,
like you had discussed before.
Can you focus in
the time traveler?
Can you focus in on
what century he is from?
>>MICHELLE: 30.
35.
I can't get the second number.
>>GOLDBERG: So it looks
like it's a 36th century?
>>MICHELLE: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: OK, very good.
Have you had much contact
with him over the years?
>>MICHELLE: Yes.
>>GOLDBERG: And how
do you meet with him?
>>MICHELLE: In my dreams.
>>GOLDBERG: All right.
And has he given you any
information about yourself
or about the plan itself
that you can share
from this man from the future?
>>MICHELLE: The
consciousness level
of the people of Mother
Earth is raising.
There are some people
who will fight it,
but they're meant to be
there to create a balance.
>>GOLDBERG: Now,
she's describing
this 36th-century time
traveler who's helping her
in her own spiritual path.
Which is what they
do, and I talk
about this in my "Time
Travelers From Our Future" book.
>>NOORY: That's amazing work.
>>GOLDBERG: Now,
what's interesting
about this
progression experience
is that this is a woman who
was contacted in her dreams.
That's how time travelers
communicate with us.
Now, there's a
research going on that
shows that 80% of
scientific discoveries
and artistic creations like
portraits and sculptures
are done by artists
or scientists
in their dream levels.
So time travelers connect
with us in our dreams.
Now, this is the 36th century.
Time travelers then
come back in time
by using teleportation
to come back in time.
In her future life, which I did
right after that experience was
done, she's a 36th-century
spiritual psychologist
working with people
who are traveling,
like astronauts, to different
planets and helping them out.
So this is the 36th century,
a very important century.
And it's also an
important century for you,
because your future life as
Xeor that we talked about
is in the 36th century.
>>NOORY: When you look
at the time travelers,
have you ever
interviewed somebody
who has come back, where they're
a time traveler right now
from the future?
>>GOLDBERG: Well, I've had one
of my patients, I told you,
had a future life as a time
traveler in their future life.
I can't work with a time
traveler in my office
today, because if a time
traveler came back--
and they hang around
usually the fifth dimension.
If they come back to the
Earth plane, the Men in Black,
and there are Men in
Black, they will kill them.
Just like you won't
see an ET going--
>>NOORY: They come back from
the future to get these people?
>>GOLDBERG: Well, no, there are
Men in Black in this century,
and there are Men in Black
in the future, and they know.
>>NOORY: How do they know?
How do they know
that they're back?
>>GOLDBERG: Well,
this is the thing.
Their advanced technology, they
can tell when a Man in Black
is here.
It's sort of like
a coding system.
It's almost like you
put a chip in someone.
You know, like I have
a chip in my dog.
Her name is Karma.
And if I ever lose her,
somebody could get the chip
and find out it's my dog
and get her back to me.
Fortunately, that's
never happened.
>>NOORY: I don't
like chips, though.
>>GOLDBERG: OK.
I don't, either, but
they can trace them.
They don't need chips for that.
They can trace them.
They know when the time
traveler is on the Earth plane.
The reason why they
can hang around here
is they can hang around
in the fifth dimension
where the Men in Black
can't touch them.
So that's why they don't
like to materialize here
unless they are safe.
Now, in ancient times,
it was easier to do that.
>>NOORY: Why do they kill
them, or why do they want to?
>>GOLDBERG: Because
governments are very paranoid.
They don't like people knowing
about extraterrestrials.
Why don't we have
extraterrestrials
go on TV every week?
Why don't we have
them at the UN?
>>NOORY: Well, we should.
>>GOLDBERG: We should, but if
they were there, believe me--
>>NOORY: We should have them on
my Coast to Coast radio show.
>>GOLDBERG: They would,
but they would be taken out
in the New York minute.
And being from New York, I
can say that with expertise.
>>NOORY: Why?
>>GOLDBERG: Because the
governments don't like it.
The government,
American government--
I'm a patriotic
American, but one thing
I know about this
government, they will never
admit to the presence of ETs.
Now, other governments do.
>>NOORY: I agree with that.
>>GOLDBERG: South
America, Chile, Argentina,
they admit to it, right?
You see stories about them.
Mexico does, too.
But we don't.
The deep state or the--
>>NOORY: Even though things leak
out, we still don't admit it.
>>GOLDBERG: You know what
I think the reason is?
I have a different reason.
You say paranoia.
OK, governments are
always paranoid.
I think the reason
is they don't want
you to know that the
technology that we have today
doesn't come from your
tax dollars or research.
It comes from extraterrestrials
and time travelers.
>>NOORY: Interesting
take on that, Bruce.
>>GOLDBERG: I'm serious.
>>NOORY: When you have
looked at time traveling,
there was a case once of a
time traveler who apparently
stumbled back into--
he came from the past, but he
jumped ahead into our future,
and he got hit by a cab.
Do you remember that story?
Did you ever hear?
>>GOLDBERG: You're talking about
the classic case of the man
from 1880s in Kansas.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>GOLDBERG: He has
dinner at a restaurant.
He goes out for
his constitutional.
And then, next
thing, he winds up
in New York City in
the 1950s, and he's
dressed in an 1880s get-up.
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>GOLDBERG: A cab hits
him and kills him.
>>NOORY: Kills him.
>>GOLDBERG: Now, he teleported
from the past to the future.
The teleportation
didn't kill him.
The New York City
cab driver did.
>>NOORY: The cab
driver killed him.
>>GOLDBERG: And when
they investigated
the guy, they find that he
was wearing his dreadlocks,
you know, these long sideburns,
and the clothes was all 1880s.
>>NOORY: No
identification, right?
>>GOLDBERG: Oh, no, no.
They found a piece of
paper in his jacket,
and it showed the receipt
of a livery stable
that he took his horse to.
They showed the receipt from
the restaurant he had dinner in,
and they gave him his ID.
And when they checked out
his ID from the 1880s,
they found that the man did
exist, but he disappeared.
>>NOORY: Oh my gosh.
>>GOLDBERG: And they never
knew what happened to him.
He just disappeared
into the vortex
of the space-time continuum.
So that was a
documented case of a man
who teleported
from 1880 to 1950.
>>NOORY: Did he stumble
into a portal or something?
>>GOLDBERG: He went into a tear
in the fabric of space-time.
Let me show you how that works.
One of the ways
time travel is going
to be discovered,
in the 31st century,
a man named Taatos,
T double A T-O-S,
will be the first man
to discover time travel.
And he creates a device
called the wormhole linear
accelerator, the WLA.
And what that does is
it enlarges wormholes
to classic size and allows
a man and a crew in a ship--
>>NOORY: To just
go right through.
>>GOLDBERG: --to
go back in time.
The problem is when
you do that, you
create a tear in the
fabric of space-time.
So for 300 years,
until the 35th century,
that's how time
travel is manifested.
And there have been thousands
of time travelers coming back.
So what this man did in
Kansas, he accidentally
walked into one of those
tears in the fabric.
You can't see that.
He walked into a tear in
the fabric of space-time
and then was teleported.
There are many cases.
The classic case that I describe
in my books about this guy
named Gil Perez
from Manila in 1593
that teleported from Manila
to Mexico City wearing
a Spanish uniform
and a Spanish gun.
>>NOORY: Incredible.
>>GOLDBERG: Which was different.
Mexico had their own
uniforms and guns.
And they said, who are you?
He appears in the
middle of the plaza.
He says, my name is Gil
Perez, and the governor,
he was killed.
And I don't know
what's going on.
I was one of the guards,
and I couldn't do it.
They interrogated him,
and they had an exorcism,
so the Catholic
church got involved.
They found that they said,
we're going to put you in jail.
You're crazy.
Two months later, the ship
comes from Manila-- remember,
Spain owned Manila--
to Mexico City.
And the crew goes out
there and they say,
we got this guy who
thinks he's crazy.
Thinks he's from Manila.
He says, let me see them.
He says, yeah that's Gil Perez.
He's one of the guards.
And the governor, Don
Gomez Dasmarinas ,
was actually murdered that day
he said he was, October 25,
1593.
So this is a documented
case of teleportation.
Not only documented by the
police and the historians,
but by the Catholic church.
It's one of the classic cases.
But he went into a tear in
the fabric of space-time.
Didn't know what he was
doing, just walked into it.
>>NOORY: Just walked through.
>>GOLDBERG: All of
a sudden, whoosh.
And there were many
cases of teleportation.
>>NOORY: Well, I was
going to say, there are,
at any given time, every year,
100,000-plus cases of people
disappearing on this planet.
I mean disappearing.
Bodies aren't found.
You don't know where they are.
>>GOLDBERG: England
and Argentina
are two places where there's
most of the teleportation
cases.
Now, most of the teleportation
cases, people will disappear,
but they will reappear.
There are very few cases
where they don't come back.
>>NOORY: Do they
have a recollection
of what happened to them?
>>GOLDBERG: Well, sometimes
they do, sometimes they don't.
There are classic cases
where they will say,
I don't know what's going on.
But they know who they are,
but they can't recall details
of where--
>>NOORY: Where they went.
>>GOLDBERG: --where they went.
>>NOORY: And how
much time they lost.
>>GOLDBERG: What I've done in my
"Exploring the Fifth Dimension"
book is I give a little
paragraph describing
the exact feeling that people
have when they teleport.
It's very technical, and it's
been reported by not just one
person, by many people.
And I've done my
own teleportation.
Here's an example.
I'll show you how I
practice what I preach.
Back when I used to
live in Baltimore,
it was the end of the year.
It was the end of December.
And it was a cold winter's day.
Baltimore is, you know,
it's not California.
And I just said,
you know, I really
wish I was in
Montego Bay, Jamaica.
It was my best vacation.
And all of a sudden, I
decide to use my techniques.
And I had my three
dogs at the time,
and they would
just looking at me
like I'm dressed
in my bathing suit.
I got my little Zories,
my little radio, my towel.
And next thing I know, I'm
in Montego Bay, Jamaica.
I spent the afternoon--
>>NOORY: Are you there
physically or mentally?
>>GOLDBERG: Physically.
Now, I come back.
You say, well, that
was a dream, right?
No.
Number one, my
bathing suit is wet.
I got sand in my sneakers.
And I have a suntan.
Trust me, you don't get a suntan
in Baltimore on December 28th.
>>NOORY: Right.
Or in a dream.
>>GOLDBERG: Well,
I've done everything
you can do with hypnosis.
You can't give a
suggestion for a suntan.
>>NOORY: No.
>>GOLDBERG: So that
was a teleportation.
>>NOORY: Now, these people
who are disappearing off
the planet--
and many of them
don't come back.
Many of them.
They're just gone.
What's happening
to them right now?
>>GOLDBERG: I think
it's an abduction.
>>NOORY: Where are they?
>>GOLDBERG: I think
those are UFO abductions.
I think those are ET abductions.
Because in teleportation--
I've teleported myself.
I've trained people to teleport.
They always come back.
Nobody gets lost in the
space-time continuum.
So when somebody
doesn't come back--
>>NOORY: It's not like
that "Twilight Zone"
episode, Little Girl Lost.
>>GOLDBERG: Yes, I remember.
>>NOORY: Daddy, where are you?
Daddy?
>>GOLDBERG: The fifth
dimension, right?
>>NOORY: She's in
this other dimension.
>>GOLDBERG: They
reach the arm in there
and they try and get her.
>>NOORY: To try to pull her out.
>>GOLDBERG: And she has
her dog in there, too.
Let's not forget, there
is approximately 8 million
Americans that have been
abducted over the years by ETs.
>>NOORY: Never to
come back, right?
>>GOLDBERG: Right.
That's the problem.
Well, some of them
have come back.
But there have been
people who have lost.
So I think that because we know
about all the UFO abductions,
I think that those
would be UFO abductions.
But let me tell you
something about abductions.
The month of the year that have
the most abductions reported
is July.
The day of the month is the
24th, and the day of the week
is a Wednesday.
So if there's ever a
Wednesday in July 24th, folks,
don't leave your home, because
you're likely to be abducted.
>>NOORY: Stay home.
It's safer.
Parallel universes.
What exactly are they?
>>GOLDBERG: Well,
we have universes
that are identical to the
one that we have right now.
The difference is the
events are different.
Like, for example, one of my
patients is a young teenager.
Call her Tanya.
She's doing a research project.
You know, homework in school.
>>NOORY: Nice name, by the way.
>>GOLDBERG: And they're
studying the year
1968, a very volatile
year, politically, music.
>>NOORY: Oh, it was.
Everything.
>>GOLDBERG: Everything.
OK, it was a great year.
So she is doing
a research on it.
She figures, you know-- and
she got one of my CD programs
called the Custom Design Your
Own Destiny, which takes people
into parallel universes, right?
So she plays it.
She figures, I don't want
to do a lot of research.
I'm just going to go there by
using Dr. Goldberg's tapes.
So she winds up doing the tape,
and she winds up it's 1968.
And you know who's
elected president?
Robert F. Kennedy.
Not only was he
not assassinated.
He was elected president
in this parallel universe.
There was no Nixon.
There was no Watergate.
The Soviet Union collapsed
in 1981 rather than '89.
And all these things
were different.
Now, she knew something's weird.
So now she comes back
from the experience,
and she goes down from her
bedroom to the kitchen.
She wants to get something
to eat before dinner,
and the mother is there.
And she looks at her
mother and she's talking.
She goes, you know,
something's weird about this.
This is my mother.
She looks like my mother, but--
>>NOORY: That's not my mother.
>>GOLDBERG: --this is not cool.
She was still in that
parallel universe.
So then she figures, I'm going
to go upstairs again and use
the tapes again.
And then she goes back to the
current parallel universe,
the current universe.
So there's an example of a woman
who switched tracks, literally.
>>NOORY: So there
are similarities
in these other universes,
but it's not quite the same?
>>GOLDBERG: Well, the
events are different.
Now, the environment's the same.
For example, back in 1994, when
I was working on my TV movie
project, "The Search
for Grace," that movie
was not going to be
aired that year at all.
So I did a parallel
universe switch myself,
and I went into the universe
that not only did the movie
air, but I was to meet you and
all these other things going
on that happened over
the next 24 years.
So I'm an example of
switching parallel universes.
Perfectly safe.
And I do that with
patients who tell me
that they have a life where
their life is terrible.
They may have a criminal record
or incurable disease or history
that they can't change.
So they figure their
life is like toast.
They don't want to do.
They're suicidal sometimes.
I say, look, don't
think of suicide.
How about switching
into a parallel universe
where things are different?
And they do.
And I have examples of that
that I've reported with you
on the radio many times.
>>NOORY: Scientists have talked
about three different types
of parallel universes.
Let's take a look.
>> Meet Max Tegmark.
When it comes to
parallel universes,
you could say Max
is pretty hardcore.
>>MAX TEGMARK: To me,
these parallel universes
aren't just some cutesy
idea it's fun to chat about
to provoke my colleagues.
I really believe that
this is how reality works.
>> Max and his fellow scientific
believers argue there are,
effectively, three different
types of parallel universe.
Some exist far beyond
the furthest edge
of our visible universe.
Others hang out in a mysterious
landscape full of dark energy
called the multiverse.
And others are right
here, in the same space
we're all living, but we
can't see them, obviously.
It's thought we can't travel to
any of these other universes.
>>NOORY: But we can, can't we?
>>GOLDBERG: Yes, we can.
Now, the technical aspect, they
call this the brane theory,
B-R-A-N-E, like membrane.
The closest sister
universe, by the way,
is less than a millimeter away,
which is like 1/27 of an inch.
>>NOORY: That's how
parallel they are.
>>GOLDBERG: This is
reported in the August 2000
issue of "Scientific American,"
a very technical magazine.
And they give you the research.
Their story for that
month, the topic story
was parallel universes.
But let me show you
what goes on here.
Parallel universes came out of
Einstein's theory of relativity
in 1905.
That was the special theory.
It also comes out of the
work of Hugh Everett, III
in Princeton University
in 1957, what he called
the many-worlds phenomena.
It's been challenged for
the last 60-some-odd years.
Nobody has ever disavowed it.
The mathematical models work.
If the math works in
science, it's real.
So the point is is that they say
that there's an infinite number
of parallel universes.
Every time you have a thought,
you create a parallel universe
where something happens.
The question is what is the
logic or the possibility
of that becoming relevant?
In my work, I'm focusing with
using hypnosis to lay out
the five major groupings.
Each grouping has an
infinite number of subsets.
And letting them choose which
grouping they want to go to.
And that's what
I did, and that's
what I do when I work
with my patients,
with Tanya, the one who
did the 1968 research.
Anyone can do it.
It's very simple, very safe.
And the question is, is
that it is scientifically
and realistically possible.
>>NOORY: How many parallel
universes are there?
>>GOLDBERG: Infinite number.
There's no limits.
Zero.
Just whatever.
Just infinity.
It's like pi.
>>NOORY: More than the three
that some scientists think?
>>GOLDBERG: Yeah, well, they're
talking about different groups.
He's talking about
something different.
They're talking
about like if you
go to the far edge
of the universe,
there's another Earth
just like this one.
But that's really not
a parallel universe,
because it's on
the same dimension.
So I have a different aspect to
it, where there are different--
the brane theory is
much more relevant.
I like that much better.
These branes, in other words, if
a brane was to connect with us,
we'd have like the
black hole or we'd
have the equivalent of
the Big Bang Theory.
And that's one of the theories
as to how the Big Bang
Theory happened, the branes
connected and collided.
So the branes, the
B-R-A-N-E branes,
represent parallel universes.
>>NOORY: Why are
there similarities
in these parallel universes?
I mean, there's--
>>GOLDBERG: Well, we
have physical laws.
>>NOORY: --a you, there's a me.
We may have a role reversal.
>>GOLDBERG: If we're dealing
with the Earth plane,
we're not talking about
the fifth dimension
or the astral plane yet.
On the Earth plane,
we have physical laws.
So the physical laws,
we just can't get up
there and teleport
and just dematerialize
right now, unless
you walk into a tear
in the fabric of space-time.
So these parallel universes
have to be organized and have
to follow the laws of physics.
So that's why they are
similar in their environment
but different in the
options, your potential.
You could have
been a construction
worker in a parallel universe.
Or you could have
been a surgeon.
You can have
different occupations,
but you're going
to look the same.
>>NOORY: Do you die
in those universes?
>>GOLDBERG: Oh, yeah.
Sure.
Sure you do.
At different ages, though.
You may live to be 90 in
one and 45 in another.
So the universe has different
events and different options
to you.
>>NOORY: Everything
you've studied,
Bruce, everything
what has fascinated
you the most?
>>GOLDBERG: Well,
what's fascinated
me is the point of
empowerment, is that we
are in charge of our destiny.
You see, I use the term when
I use-- like one of my books
is called "Custom Design
Your Own Destiny."
It's not called custom
design your own fate,
because fate is
predestination, which
I have real problems with.
To me, I like the concept
that everybody out
there has maximum potential if
they access their higher self.
You can take charge
of your life.
You can be
psychically empowered.
I don't really care what the
other aspects of your life are.
Relationships, jobs, whatever it
is, you can take charge of it.
You can always get
off your keister
and do something as long as you
connect with your higher self.
And remember, the one
point of this is critical.
If you want to grow
spiritually, there's
one thing you have to do.
Get rid of fear.
Fear is the only thing that
keeps us in the karmic cycle.
>>NOORY: Constantly do.
It keeps us down.
>>GOLDBERG: And what
does society do?
Society generates
fear, doesn't it?
>>NOORY: It wants
you to be afraid.
>>GOLDBERG: Because it
wants you to be codependent.
That's the key.
My point is empowerment is
the opposite of codependency.
>>NOORY: Have you ever regressed
somebody and heard things
that you wish you didn't hear?
>>GOLDBERG: Well, I've regressed
relationships, like a couple,
and I regressed
them individually.
And I say, look,
this is something
I would rather you not
share with your spouse,
because it's not going to
help your relationship.
In other words, some
spouse in a past life
killed, murdered, or
abandoned their spouse now.
>>NOORY: I don't think you'd
want to know that, right.
>>GOLDBERG: So I say,
look, it's confidential.
When I see them, it's
always confidential.
I'm not going to
share it, but I said,
this is not something
you want to share,
because it's not going to
help your relationship.
Which is why I don't like to do
a lot of past life regressions.
I'd much rather do the
superconscious mind
tap, because going
back in time is never
going to help you grow.
What's going to help you grow
is accessing your higher self
and looking towards the future.
The past is history.
>>NOORY: Have you ever done a
couple of people at one time?
>>GOLDBERG: I've done workshops,
of course, where I've regressed
hundreds of people at one time.
And then what it's
interesting is that they
tell me certain stories that--
here's an example.
We call this Whatley's
law of evidence.
How do I know my work with the
time travelers in the future
was relevant?
How do I know it isn't
just confabulations, just
people making it up?
Whatley's law of evidence,
in science, is this.
It's like
circumstantial evidence.
If people from all
over the world that
have no communication with each
other tell you the same thing,
it must be true.
And that's what I'm getting.
I'm getting corroboration from
people, in group workshops,
as well as mostly
individually is
much better from a
scientific point of view.
>>NOORY: Well, when you
regressed me a few minutes ago,
how do I know it wasn't
part of my vivid imagination
that was coming up through
that in that kind of state
I was in, as opposed to
what really happened?
>>GOLDBERG: Well, think
of the logic behind it.
Most people, they went
back to ancient Egypt,
and they're watching the
construction of the pyramids,
they wouldn't see
crafts doing it.
They would go with a more
conventional approach.
>>NOORY: I basically
backed up what you've seen.
>>GOLDBERG: Well,
right, but my point
is you don't know about my
work in the detail that I do.
>>NOORY: No, I don't know that.
>>GOLDBERG: You don't know
about anti-gravity flying
crafts or the things
like that and why
I documented that in my books.
But my point is that
you're coming up
with things that are not logical
or statistically significant.
The average person going back
in ancient Egypt, you can say,
well, they would be
by the pyramids, fine,
but they wouldn't have
crafts doing this.
They would have pulleys and more
conventional ways in which we
think the pyramids were
constructed, by the more
conventional approach.
So you're doing something that
not only is not conventional,
but it marries into
my research, which
makes it very credible
from my point of view.
>>NOORY: You know,
what I'd like to do
is have you take
me into the future.
Can you do that?
>>GOLDBERG: Sure.
Just close your eyes, and
just take a nice deep breath
and relax.
And I'm going to count
forwards from 1 to 10.
And when I reach
the count of 10,
you're going to be now focusing
in on a future life that
will help you to learn about
your own karmic purpose.
One, moving forward in time.
Two, three, four, number
five, halfway there.
Always safe and protected.
Number six, number seven.
Opening up a door with a
bright white light above it,
giving you all the information
from this future life.
Number eight, number nine.
You are there.
Number 10.
Now, tell me the first thought
that comes into your mind.
>>NOORY: I actually see
crumbling cities, Bruce.
>>GOLDBERG: By the
way you keep time,
what year would you say this is?
>>NOORY: 2200, 2300.
Does that make sense?
>>GOLDBERG: OK, that's fine.
And would you say
yourself, would you
say you're a male or a female?
How would you describe yourself?
>>NOORY: I can't tell.
>>GOLDBERG: OK.
Is there anything
about you personally
that your relationship
to this society?
In other words, your
occupation, your family life?
Is there anything about
you that you can identify?
>>NOORY: I'm in a uniform,
and I'm wearing a hat.
It's not quite a police officer,
but it's somebody in authority,
trying to direct people
who seem to be panicking.
>>GOLDBERG: So you're trying to
help this cataclysm or whatever
is going on?
OK.
How do you describe--
what is your name?
How do you describe yourself?
What do people call you?
>>NOORY: I have a
name tag on my shirt.
>>GOLDBERG: See if
you can read it.
>>NOORY: Abrams
is the last name.
>>GOLDBERG: Now,
what is the cause--
>>NOORY: I have no idea why.
>>GOLDBERG: This cataclysm
or this crumbling of cities,
do you have any idea of
what caused this problem?
>>NOORY: Some kind of weapon.
>>GOLDBERG: Is it just
one city that's involved?
>>NOORY: I'm only in one
city, so I don't know.
>>GOLDBERG: And what are
your orders now at this time?
>>NOORY: Keep the peace.
>>GOLDBERG: And so what
are the people doing,
or how are you dealing
with the correction of this
or the population in the city?
>>NOORY: They're all over the
streets screaming, yelling.
The cars look like--
very futuristic.
>>GOLDBERG: The weapon
that caused this, now,
could you describe the weapon
that caused this catastrophe?
>>NOORY: They're beams
that are coming from space.
>>GOLDBERG: Is there a
ship involved at all?
>>NOORY: All I can
see is the beams
coming through the clouds.
>>GOLDBERG: OK, very good.
All right.
So I want you to focus in
on this name tag Abrams.
So let's assume
that's your last name.
I want you to focus in on
this and this environment.
You'll be able to
go back to this
or go forward to this in
the future to explore this
and to connect with
this and to always
be able to learn from this
from your own perspective
and your own karmic
purpose and growth.
So, I'm going to count
forwards from one to five.
When I reach the
count of five, you'll
return all thoughts to the
current as George Noory,
having complete
knowledge and awareness.
Number one, moving
back to Earth here.
Two, back to the present.
Three, halfway there.
Four, almost there.
Number five, awaken,
wide awake and refreshed.
>>NOORY: Whatever I
saw was frightening.
Something had
happened to a city.
I assume I was in
the United States.
Was that truly the future?
Was I in a parallel universe?
Where was I?
>>GOLDBERG: That was one future,
not necessarily the future
that we're on even right now.
For example, I've done
thousands of progressions,
and when I go into the
23rd or 22nd, 23rd century,
none of my patients ever report
these kinds of catastrophes.
Now, that doesn't mean
that there couldn't
have been some
anomaly that happened,
but this wouldn't be a worldwide
cataclysm or some ET domination
or anything like that.
There are times when
they can test weapons
and there can be problems.
But what I get in the
future, as my work goes on,
is beyond this
century now, we're
going to have the usual
issues of terrorism
and maniacs and people doing
stupid things, as they do.
But into the 22nd
century and beyond, it's
a much more positive future.
But even considering
this, this is a option.
This is one parallel universe.
And I suspect that
what you were viewing
was a parallel universe,
because my patients
from this current universe
don't get that from the universe
that we're on now.
>>NOORY: Parallel universe
and a parallel life,
are two different things?
>>GOLDBERG: Yes.
Here's a parallel life.
The soul that you have
right now can occupy
more than one body at one time.
So years ago, I worked
with a gentleman,
he was a salesman
from Baltimore.
And he used to go to Cleveland,
Ohio, on his sales routines,
but he never went north of that.
So when I did a
experience, he wanted
to go into a past
life regression.
I assumed that was
what I was doing.
He winds up he's in Cincinnati,
Ohio, and he's a woman.
And he says, what's going on?
Current, same frame.
So I said, look, you've got
the woman's name and number.
Look her up.
So when he next went to Ohio for
his next trip, he looks her up.
He talks her into meeting.
>>NOORY: For real?
>>GOLDBERG: He met
her for coffee.
And he said it was the weirdest
experience in his life.
>>NOORY: Was looking at himself?
>>GOLDBERG: Because they both
had the exact same personality.
Now, this is a different sex,
a different genetic code.
That's called a parallel self.
A parallel life is
when like Tanya,
when she went into
the parallel life
to perceive the 1968 routine,
or you in experiencing
this future in the
22nd or 23rd century
when you saw the
catastrophe, or me
going into this parallel
universe where my movie airs
where it didn't in
the universe I left.
That's a parallel life
rather than a parallel self.
That's the difference.
>>NOORY: People who want to
get a hold of you, Bruce,
how do they find you?
>>GOLDBERG: They can contact
me at my website, www.dr--
for doctor-- brucegoldberg.com.
They can call me at my
1-800-KARMA4U which is
1-800-527-6248 number.
>>NOORY: Write
down those numbers.
In our parting ways
here, what advice
would you give people
who really have problems
in this life that
could be affected
because of past or future ones?
>>GOLDBERG: Well, obviously,
connect to higher self.
If they want to work with
me, most of my sessions
are done online by
FaceTime or Skype.
They don't have to come
to Los Angeles to meet me.
But I would suspect they
lose the negativity,
connect with the higher self.
I'm like what I call
a realistic idealist.
I have idealistic tendencies,
but I'm a realist.
But I always connect
with my higher self,
and I always keep a
positive attitude.
I believe in
innocent until proven
guilty, not the
other way around.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
Bruce, thanks for being
on "Beyond Belief."
>>GOLDBERG: My pleasure.
>>NOORY: Looking back in the
past how the pyramids might
have been constructed with
crafts moving these huge blocks
was pretty fascinating.
Looking into the future, seeing
the devastation of a city,
was not.
And I hope I'm
wrong on that one.
Thanks for watching
us on "Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]